 
Dear ${PERSON_NAME},
 
Our  Firm has been appointed to assist you with your immigration formalities in
France.
We will accompany you throughout all steps of your application.
Within the framework of our assistance, you will have access to a hub dedicated
to the exchange of documents and the follow-up of your file.
In order to access this hub, we invite you to activate your account online by
creating your password.
When logging-in for the first time, you will be asked to complete an online
form with information that will be useful for your immigration file. If you
have any questions, you can contact the person in charge of your case.
 
    * • How to activate my account on-line ?
       
The activation of your account takes place on our on-line hub by creating a
password.
Kindly click on this link: ${URL}. A pop up window will appear allowing you to activate
your account. Follow the instructions to create your password.
 
    * • How to complete your on-line form?
       
1. Once you have selected your password, please connect using your email
address and your password.
2. On the home page, select « My case »
3. Proceed to fill out the forms using your personal information.
 You must confirm at least the following information in order validate the
questionnaire:
    * - Last Name 
    * - First Name 
    * - Email 
    * - Date of Birth 
The field « Foreigner ID » corresponds to the 10 digit number written on the
middle right side of your residence permit or on the OFII validation documents.
If you do not hold a French residence permit yet, please ignore this field.
4. Once the questionnaire has been filled out, please click on « update » in
the lower part of the page. You will be able to amend or update the information
on this form at any time during our assistance.
5. You may upload all the documents that we will ask you to provide throughout
your process on the thumbnail « Documents ». This is also where you will find a
copy of the documents we wish to share with you.
 
    * • How to connect yourself on our platform after activating your account? 
 
 After activating your account, you will be able to access our hub by clicking
lgc.example.com.

To log in you will need to use your email address as login and the password you
personalized when you activated your account.
----
Our Firm takes a special care in processing of your personal data. As part of
the activation of your on-line account, you will be asked to consent to the
collection of some of your personal data. You will clearly be informed of which
personal data we will be collecting, and the purpose of processing of such
personal data.
Office
34 Address
 London
Tel : +00 (0) 1 23 34 45 56
www.example.com
 
In case of any difficulties with the activation your account, kindly contact
the following address: office@example.com
 
 
 
